{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1250\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17780\viewh15280\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Dear Sir or Madam,\
\
I am interested in joining your company as a Full-Stack Developer. I have Master's Degree in Electronics and Telecommunication and experience with Javascript, Node.js, Angular 6, HTML, CSS and Unix environment. Currently, I am working at HMBD company as Junior Full Stack Developer. I have experience in working in Scrum environment, which is used in HMBD as well as it was in Nokia and Sabre. \
\
I started working as a Software Quality Assurance Engineer in Nokia in 2017 during my Engineer's Degree. After that, I started my full-time studies on Master's Degree of Electronic and Telecommunication while also working on 4/5 time work in Nokia, which required from me lots of self-organization and discipline. My master's thesis was also nominated to the best master's thesis award in Department of Electronics and Telecommunication and Computer Science.\
\
I like to learn new technologies and broaden my knowledge on IT field. In my free time, I also participate in Javascript Community meetings and learn new things on my own. Apart from that, I try to travel as much as possible. I also enjoy doing sports like tennis, squash or football and I also run a lot in the spare time - for now I run only half-marathon but in the future I plan to run on whole distance.\
\
I've attached CV with the information of my education, work experience, projects I've been involved in. Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to hearing from you.\
\
Sincerely,\
Szymon Ludyga\
\
\
I also have been in Norway two times in the past. I was really impressed by the beautiful nature and calmness in this country. I even started to learn Norwegian year ago and now I am at third semester of the study. }